When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    When yu should be able to access the directories from other computers, or to chare them with
    other perticipants.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    you might be iterested in keeping your local repository being slightly different from 
    the gitHub rep.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks if the feature that allows to copy the history of the project inside the GitHub. You can take any open project and make your own fork, and it will apeare in your hestory in gitHub. Clone is for copying from server to your local machine. Also, clone used when clonning one local project into another. 

    Branches is totally separate concept. It is when you want to do something different to the project apart from the main branch, like adding new features or experimenting with 
    things.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    It is beneficial because you are not able to be online at any time always. There 
    is time when you'd like to do changes locally, without internet access. The local saving 
    allows you to do it.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    We can you mailing system or even hard drive sharing. The harder thing would be moving 
    files around, and keeping track of them. Also, the hard thing is to merge them into one project, and keeping versions, even though we can use command like "diff" to find differenced between files.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    The new features, experimental stuff goes into new branches, also when you work in teams it is great to have a way to work on different new things in the code, and onle after completion of the new "thing" to merge by branch merging.
